Add reference  links for environment variables for  VPC and PowerVS (#2172)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud: docs/book/src/topics/powervs/creating-a-cluster.md

    > **Note:**
    > - Set `EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET` to `true` as the cluster will be deployed with external cloud provider which will create the resources to run the cloud controller manager.
    > - The `IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME` value below should reflect the name of the custom image and the `kubernetes-version` value below should reflect the kubernetes version of the custom image.

>     > - Refer detailed information on POWERVS variables [here](/topics/powervs/creating-a-cluster#note-refer-below-for-more-detailed-information-on-powervs-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - Refer detailed information on PowerVS variables [here](/topics/powervs/creating-a-cluster#note-refer-below-for-more-detailed-information-on-powervs-variables)
```

    kubeadmconfigtemplate.bootstrap.cluster.x-k8s.io/ibm-powervs-1-md-0 created
    ```

>    **Note:** Refer detailed information on POWERVS variables [here](/topics/powervs/creating-a-cluster#note-refer-below-for-more-detailed-information-on-powervs-variables.html)

Reviewer 2: I feel the note can be placed only once in the list [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud/pull/2172/files#diff-e2416c471de1797e1a774fb75b3bf09b650bdc02bf2b97246a8336c800b7c044R40-R43) to avoid repetition, wdyt?

Author: yes makes sense moving it under notes

  --flavor=powervs | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

 **Note:** Refer below for more detailed information on POWERVS variables.
- [IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-ssh-key)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-conn-COS-custom-image)
- [IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image.html)

> - [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME] (/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
```

> - [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME] (/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create.html)
```

  --control-plane-machine-count=3 \
  --worker-machine-count=1 \
  --flavor=powervs-clusterclass | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

> #### Note: Refer below for more detailed information on POWERVS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Note: Refer below for more detailed information on PowerVS variables.
```

- IBMPOWERVS_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user provides.
- [IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-ssh-key)
- IBMPOWERVS_VIP, IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL and IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR : Once we have created the network and port, the values will be available on listing the ports. Refer [here](/topics/powervs/creating-a-cluster.html)

> - IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME : Name to imported image. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image.html) to get image details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME : Name of the custom image. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image.html) to get image details.
```

> - IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID : IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID is workspace id. Refer [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas-cli-plugin?topic=power-iaas-cli-plugin-power-iaas-cli-reference-v1#ibmcloud-pi-workspace) how to get it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID : ID of the PowerVS workspace. Refer [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas-cli-plugin?topic=power-iaas-cli-plugin-power-iaas-cli-reference-v1#ibmcloud-pi-workspace)
```

  --control-plane-machine-count=3 \
  --worker-machine-count=1 \
  --flavor=powervs-clusterclass | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

#### Note: Refer below for more detailed information on POWERVS variables.

> - IBMPOWERVS_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user want to keep.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IBMPOWERVS_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user provides.
```

- [IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-ssh-key)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-conn-COS-custom-image)

> - [IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image.html)

Reviewer 2: For image and service instance, details about where to fetch them can be added.

- [IBMACCOUNT_ID](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-accountfaqs#account-details)

> - [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create.html)

Reviewer 2: same as PowerVS image

  --control-plane-machine-count=3 \
  --worker-machine-count=1 \
  --flavor=powervs-clusterclass | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

#### Note: Refer below for more detailed information on PowerVS variables.
- IBMPOWERVS_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user provides.
- IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME : Name of the SSH Key. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/key#3-capibmadm-powervs-key-list) how to get the keys.
- IBMPOWERVS_VIP, IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL and IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR : Once we have created the network and port, the values will be available on listing the ports. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/port#3-capibmadm-powervs-port-list)
- IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME : Name of the custom image. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image#2-capibmadm-powervs-image-list) to get image details.

> - IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID : ID of the PowerVS workspace. Refer [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas-cli-plugin?topic=power-iaas-cli-plugin-power-iaas-cli-reference-v1#ibmcloud-pi-workspace)

Reviewer 2: can we also add details how to get value for`IBM_RESOURCE_GROUP`?

  --control-plane-machine-count=3 \
  --worker-machine-count=1 \
  --flavor=powervs-clusterclass | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

#### Note: Refer below for more detailed information on PowerVS variables.
- IBMPOWERVS_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user provides.
- IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME : Name of the SSH Key. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/key#3-capibmadm-powervs-key-list) how to get the keys.
- IBMPOWERVS_VIP, IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL and IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR : Once we have created the network and port, the values will be available on listing the ports. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/port#3-capibmadm-powervs-port-list)
- IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME : Name of the custom image. Refer [here](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image#2-capibmadm-powervs-image-list) to get image details.
- IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID : ID of the PowerVS workspace. Refer [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas-cli-plugin?topic=power-iaas-cli-plugin-power-iaas-cli-reference-v1#ibmcloud-pi-workspace)

> - IBMACCOUNT_ID : Go to the Account settings page in the console to view your account ID and type. The account ID is a 32 character, unique account identifier.

Reviewer 3: may be lets add link to setting page? https://cloud.ibm.com/account/settings
also lets mention IBM Cloud console.

Author: done

  --flavor=powervs-cloud-provider | kubectl apply -f -
  ```

**Note:** Refer below for more detailed information on POWERVS variables.
- [IBMPOWERVS_SSHKEY_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-creating-ssh-key)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_EXTERNAL](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_VIP_CIDR](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
- [IBMPOWERVS_IMAGE_NAME](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-conn-COS-custom-image)
- [IBMPOWERVS_SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/image.html)

> - [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME] (/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IBMPOWERVS_NETWORK_NAME](/topics/capibmadm/powervs/network#1-capibmadm-powervs-network-create)
```
